index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Home
---

# Welcome to Florida Gulf Coast University

Our department is at the forefront of innovation in computing, data science, and technology research. We bring together talented faculty, dedicated students, and cutting-edge research to solve real-world problems.

## What We Do

Our team conducts groundbreaking research in artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, data analytics, and more. We prepare students for successful careers in technology while contributing to scientific advancement and community development.

## Quick Links

- [Meet Our Team](/people/) - Learn about our faculty, students, and staff
- [Explore Projects](/projects/) - Discover our current research initiatives
- [Upcoming Events](/events/) - Join us for seminars and workshops
- [Read Publications](/publications/) - Browse our latest research papers

## Recent News

**October 2025** - Dr. Smith's research featured in leading AI journal

**September 2025** - New NSF grant awarded for smart city project

**August 2025** - Department welcomes 3 new faculty members

## Get Involved

Whether you're a prospective student, industry partner, or community member, we invite you to connect with us and explore opportunities for collaboration.

Commit message:

Revise homepage to reflect site construction status
Updated the homepage content to indicate the site is under construction and added a call to action for collaboration.

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Home
---

# This site is under construction
# Welcome to Florida Gulf Coast University

Our department is at the forefront of innovation in computing, data science, and technology research. We bring together talented faculty, dedicated students, and cutting-edge research to solve real-world problems.

## What We Do

Our team conducts groundbreaking research in artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, data analytics, and more. We prepare students for successful careers in technology while contributing to scientific advancement and community development.

## Quick Links

- [Meet Our Team](/people/) - Learn about our faculty, students, and staff
- [Explore Projects](/projects/) - Discover our current research initiatives
- [Upcoming Events](/events/) - Join us for seminars and workshops
- [Read Publications](/publications/) - Browse our latest research papers

## Recent News

**October 2025** - Dr. Smith's research featured in leading AI journal

**September 2025** - New NSF grant awarded for smart city project

**August 2025** - Department welcomes 3 new faculty members

## Get Involved


Whether you're a prospective student, industry partner, or community member, we invite you to connect with us and explore opportunities for collaboration.
